Welcome back.
So what does 3600 mean?
3600 means.
60 multiplied by 60.
60 minutes multiplied by 60 seconds.
And you are going to get one hour.
So what does this mean?
This code means that if the user is not and is not active for one hour or more, then you should destroy
this session.
So again, I'm explaining this one more time because this code is very important.
You always need to add this code to your website or web application.
And many developers want to want to allow users to and let users to log in only after a short period
of inactivity.
Maybe, for example, you want users to log in every 15 minutes.
So if if you want users to log in every 15 minutes, then you should think of it like this first.
You should.
You should I say 15 minutes.
So how many seconds in 15 minutes?
There are obviously 60 seconds multiply multiplied by 15 minutes.
Then you are going to get the number of seconds.
So how many seconds?
If you multiply 15 by 60, you should get six, four, six multiplied by five is zero.
And one here.
So six multiplied by.
Six multiplied by one is six plus three.
Then you are going to get.
Nine.
So if you want users to log in every 15 minutes, you should say here, 900.
So this means that if the user is inactive for 15 minutes, then they will they should log in again.
If you want users to log in every 30 minutes, then you should say 30.
So 30 is going to be equal to two.
How many seconds in 30?
So you should say 30 multiplied by 60.
So 30 multiplied by 60.
And the result is going to be six, multiplied by three is one 818.
So you need to say here.
1800 if you want users to log in every 30 minutes of inactivity.
So this is how you can calculate the number of seconds that you want users to log in if they are inactive
for that number of seconds or more.
And again, this number depends upon the your application.
So this number is the number of seconds that you should allow users to you should you should log users
out and should should allow them to log in after that number of seconds of inactivity.
So here, one 1800 means 30 minutes.
So this code now means that if a user is inactive for more than 30 minutes, they should be logged out
and they should log in again.